♪ ♪
Here I was feeling guilty
for deceiving you
when you knew all along
I wasn't French.
Well, maybe
not all along.
But the truth is
I'm really glad
you turned out to be a
red-blooded American girl.
So you don't regret
missing your plane, and staying
here with me in Europe?
No, not at all.
I really think I'm falling
in love with you, Dylan.
I mean Rick.
(seatbelt bell chimes)
(sighs)
Bren, fasten your seat belt.
We're almost in New York.
Can you believe it?
Not really.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Bonjour.
Please be sure to fill out your
customs forms before deplaning.
All connecting flights
will be posted on the monitor
at the gate.
Thank you for flying TWA.
I miss Paris already.
Me, too.
But I can't wait
to see David.
Yeah, I know
what you mean.
I can't wait
to see Rick.
I mean Dylan.
Morning, camper.
How'd you sleep?
Fine.
What do you think
of sleeping on the beach?
Well, I think ordering
that shooting star
was a little over the top,
but other than that,
it was pretty cool.
Yeah, it could have been
even better.
I'm glad we didn't
cross that line.
What are you saying?
Because we didn't have sex,
nothing happened?
Who fell asleep
in my arms last night?
I admit it: we did connect...
but we both know
how much you love Brenda.
Did I talk about Brenda
last night?
Am I talking about her
right now?
I am, and you should be.
Okay, fine,
but can you honestly look me
in the eye and tell me
that we have not become more
than just "good friends"
this summer?
What do you want to do, Dylan?
Do you want to make love
so we can prove
that I have become once again
the class bimbo?
How can you use the words
"make love"
and "bimbo"
in the same sentence?
Look, just play it out
with me, okay?
Yeah.
I mean how are we
going to feel
when Brenda comes
home and asks us
what we've been
doing all summer?
Come on, guys.
There's some great shells
over here. Look.
What's Andrea doing here?!
Oh...
Uh, zip me up, Dylan,
zip me up.
All right, all right.
Ow!
Oh, look at this!
Andrea, hi.
Hi.
Um, what're you doing
so far from the club?
We're collecting shells
for the sandcastle contest
tomorrow.
Oh, great.
Uh, Kevin kinda partied
a little too hard
last night.
(groaning)
Uh, you guys, come on.
Let's go over here, okay?
There's some good
shells over there.
Great shells over there.
Come on.
The best shells.
Go, go, go, go, go.
There you go.
"Kevin"?
I had to think fast.
See, that's exactly
what I'm talking about.
I've worked too hard
to change my reputation
to start sneaking around now.
What do you want me to do,
Kelly, huh?
You want me
to tell Brenda about us?
There's nothing
to tell her, okay?
We watched  Casablanca.
We saw some stars.
That's it.
Whatever gets you
through the night.
If things were different, Dylan,
maybe we could have something,
but Brenda's
my best friend.
When she gets off that plane
tonight you're going to remember
exactly why you fell in love
with her in the first place.
Dylan, you and I had what we had
this summer, okay?
I just think that has to be
enough for both of us.
What are you telling me?
We'll always have Paris?
Thanks for not doing
a Bogart imitation.
(pop music playing)
What? The beat's jamming.
You want me to stop it
for a bridge?
David, it needs
something.
Maybe we should go back
to the chorus.
Look, the arrangement's
fine the way it is.
David, if I'm going
to be your manager,
you're going to have
to start listening to me.
Yeah, well, maybe
if you got me a gig, I would.
Hey, can I interrupt
you two
musical geniuses for a minute?
What's going on?
Well, I just wanted
to remind you
of Brenda's little welcome home
party tonight;
chez Walsh,
9:00, black tie optional.
Oh, God,
is it 4:30 already?
I gotta get home.
I gotta find Kelly.
I have to pick Donna up
at the airport.
I'm outta here.
Excuse me.
(chuckles)
Young love.
♪♪
Well, thanks for making this,
Brooke.
It took longer
to print out
than it did to
configure and input.
Ooh, I love it
when you talk computer to me.
Well, I love it when
we don't say anything.
They've gotten pretty close.
Are you bummed?
No, not at all.
What about you?
Nah.
The times, they are a-changing,
Steve.
Take one!
Take one.
Oh, you guys, they're here.
Hey, everybody, we're home.
Hi. Bonjour.
Hi, how was it?
Good.
Brenda, welcome home.
How are you?
Hey, this is Brooke.
Brooke, this is Brenda.
Hi.
Hi, nice meeting you.
Mom, Dad, can I talk to you
in the kitchen for a second?
Excuse us.
♪♪
Mom, Dad,
is there some reason
why Dylan isn't here?
Honey, let's not start.
Dad, I'm not starting.
But are you saying that
we're right where we left off?
That you still don't want me
to see Dylan?
Your father and I
haven't really
talked about it yet.
Well, I wish you would.
I really need to know
where I stand...
with you and with Dylan.
Okay, honey.
Who was that
masked woman?
She didn't raise
her voice.
She didn't make any threats.
Are you surprised?
You're not?
Well, isn't that why we sent her
to France in the first place?
I mean, so she could grow up?
If it isn't Dylan,
it's going to be some other boy,
Jim.
At least we know he loves her.
Hello?
Anybody home?
Oh, hey.
Donna, how's it goin'?
Hey, guys.
You look great.
Thanks.
Welcome home.
It's great to see you, too.
Qué pasa?
Hey, music man.
Hi.
I thought Kelly was with you.
She is... was.
Bonjour.
Hi. How are you?
I'm good.
No complaints.
How about you?
C'est magnifique.
DONNA:
We brought presents.
Really?
Oh... just what I always
wanted: a sweatshirt.
DAVID:
No, it's not just any
sweatshirt.
Read the front.
(mispronouncing):
"Less Wildcats."
Les Wildcats.
Do you have any matches?
I cannot believe
you are smoking.
Don't worry. It's my last one.
Everybody smokes in Paris.
Do you want a drag?
Oh, get away from me with that.
I just had this dress
dry-cleaned.
You know, if
your parents catch
you, you're dead.
Yeah, well,
what are they going to do,
not invite Dylan to my party?
Have you talked to him yet?
No, I'm waiting
till everybody leaves.
I cannot wait to hear his voice
in the same time zone.
It's weird, but in the back
of my mind,
I sort of thought
that you being in Paris
might change things
with you guys.
Can you keep a secret?
I think so.
Well, right before
we were leaving,
I met this really cute guy
from the University of Wisconsin
and he actually believed
that I was French.
You're kidding me.
He was completely fooled,
mon cherie.
Oh! What happened?
Well, he wanted me to go
backpacking with him...
and I came really close
to doing it,
but instead
I turned around
and went to the airport
and never even said good-bye.
Wow.
You know, part of me just wanted
to take off with him,
but I kept thinking
about how much I love Dylan,
and I just couldn't.
Boy, was I tempted.
Temptation can be a killer.
(toilet flushes)
So, what did you do all summer?
Spent a lot of time
with the baby.
(doorbell rings)
Dylan, thanks for coming
at such short notice.
Thanks for calling.
I remember you.
Dylan!
Hey!
Hi.
(giggles)
So what's going on at
the Beach Club tomorrow?
Ah, it's going to be an
authentic New England clambake
followed by a big dance.
Which I won't be playing at.
And don't forget the sandcastle-
building contest tomorrow.
Ciao, guys.
Bye-bye.
Hey, Steve, wait up.
Bye, guys.
I'll see you
tomorrow, handsome.
I think I'll walk you
out to your car.
Bye...
Okay, you stay here.
Unless you already have plans.
Hey, Kelly, can you
hang for a while?
No, I'm the chauffeur tonight.
Okay, I'll see
you tomorrow.
Okay...
DYLAN:
Night, Kel.
Yeah, good night.
So why don't we go in the
kitchen and clean up.
Okay.
I thought we're supposed
to be cleaning up.
Aren't we?
Bren, I got a
confession to make.
While you were in France,
I almost forgot
what you were like.
Well, is it
coming back to you?
It's getting there.
I brought you something.
Oh, Bren,
that's great.
It's for your watch chain.
Read the back.
"Je t'aime, Brenda."
I really, really wish we could
go back to your house,
but I don't think it's
the smartest thing to do
considering it's my
first night back.
I should've gotten
you something.
Dylan, why?
You didn't go anywhere
this summer.
Je t'aime aussi, Brenda.
Did everyone leave?
Yeah, they all said goodbye,
and everybody
said thank you for the party
and everything.
Well, I'm glad
they enjoyed themselves.
I'm glad you're home.
Mom, Dad,
it really meant a lot to Dylan
that you let him come over.
And it meant
a lot to me, too.
You know, I did a lot of
thinking over the summer
and you guys were right.
Things have to change.
I mean I love Dylan,
but I'm not willing
to lose you guys
just to make
some kind of a point.
And I really want to be
a part of this family.
We love you too, sweetheart.
Maybe you weren't the only one
who grew up this summer.
Hey...
I don't know how I'm ever going
to be able to thank you guys
for sending me to Paris.
You already did, sweetheart.
Good night.
Good night, honey.
(knocking)
You gonna be
much longer, sis?
Yeah, two seconds.
Okay.
Hey, you're wearing
the sweatshirt.
Yeah, it's already
one of my favorites.
Thanks.
Do you smell smoke?
No... but I'm really
stuffed up from the flight.
And I'm still on Paris time.
So, it went great over there,
or what?
Yeah.
So how was it being home alone
with Mom and Dad?
Well, with you gone, they kind
of lost their taste for battle.
Oh, it was cool, you know.
They did their thing.
I did mine: I worked,
hung out with Brooke.
Yeah, she's something else.
You didn't like her?
No. I think she's great.
I'm really happy for you.
She smart; she's athletic;
she gets along with everybody...
But...
I don't know.
I can't put my finger on it,
but something's off, you know?
So does this mean
we're not going out
on a double date next week?
We'll see.
So, is it weird being back?
You know the French
have this saying,
"The more things change,
the more they remain the same."
It's weird. Somehow I feel
like I haven't even left.
So we can expect Dad and Dylan
to go another ten
rounds this year?
Fortunately, I think
that's changed.
Good.
Hey, listen, let me know
when you're done, okay?
Okay.
Oh, Brandon,
the next time I go to France,
you're definitely gonna
have to go with me.
You know, I was just thinking
that exact same thing.
Must be one of those
twin things.
(knocking)
Kelly, you okay?
You seemed a little
weirded out at the party.
Do you think Brenda noticed?
No, no one did.
You did.
Well, that's because I saw
you and Dylan together.
What if Dylan decides
to tell Brenda the truth?
Don't worry.
He's not that stupid.
So you're not gonna tell Donna
about that girl
you fooled around with?
Well, that's different;
I mean, you know,
Nikki wasn't Donna's best friend
in the world.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it that way.
Look, just forget about it.
It'll blow over. You'll see.
Good night, David.
Good night.
Some best friend.
BRANDON:
We're way overmatched here.
You know that.
Oh, come on, Brandon, these guys
are professional architects.
Of course, we can't
compete with them.
That's why they're
in their own division.
Ah.
Uh, still, I'm no good at
this sand sculpture thingy...
To tell you the truth,
it's my first time.
Oh...
a virgin.
Seriously,
If we can't beat sister Brenda
and Andrea and the kiddies
and whoever else,
we're pretty sorry stuff.
Okay, but you're gonna
have to carry the team.
Hey, I've got work to do.
Okay, if you're busy...
I'm sure Steve wouldn't mind
getting into the wet sand
with me.
Hey!
Give me those lips, honey.
Oh, I thought
you'd never ask.
Wow, she's in to your brother
something fierce.
Yeah. So you noticed.
Hey, don't...
(shovels clang)
That's good, Cheryl.
Don't forget to pack
the sand with water,
okay, and then...
Not now, Cameron, okay?
What?
I know the Batmobile
was your idea,
but, but I have to help
the other kids, too,
okay? All right.
Oh, that's good.
Try this part...
Oh, sand is definitely
not good for my nails.
Okay, make room for the expert.
Now ladies, don't you think
if you're going to be sculpting
France, you ought to have a map.
BRENDA:
Wow, thanks.
I never thought you'd want
to help in a million years.
Come on. I'm into it.
You are?
Yeah, I am.
Oh great, we're gonna get
a lot of work done here.
Where are David and Kelly
when you really need them?
JACKIE:
Kelly, please,
I've been cooped up
in the house all summer.
Besides, it's Erin's
coming out party.
I'm sorry. You go.
I just don't feel like doing
that whole club thing tonight.
Dad wanted me to tell you
the car's all packed up,
and he's ready to go.
What is it, honey?
Is it Jake?
Are you still upset about him?
Mother, please.
What did I say? I'm just trying
to understand you.
Then why can't you understand
that I just feel
like staying home?
Fine, it's your loss.
Listen, will you
tell your Dad
I'll be just a minute.
Listen, Kel, uh,
you're going to have
to talk to Brenda again
sooner or later.
I talked to her last night.
That's why I just...
I don't want to go.
So you and Dylan kissed
in the cabana once, big deal.
You said nothing
happened, right?
Right, nothing happened.
Then quit torturing yourself,
put on some sunblock
and let's go down
to the beach
and spend the last day of summer
with our friends.
Besides...
if you keep moping around,
people are gonna start
getting suspicious.
I'm telling you,
that isn't Vaucresson.
Donna, it is.
I'm positive.
You're wrong.
Look at the map.
Then Rick's wrong because
that's what he told me it was.
Who's Rick?
Uh, Rick was our
tour guide in France.
He must've been pretty good.
Why do you say that?
Well, he knew
where Vaucresson was.
Cameron, didn't I tell you
to stay with Kenny
and the group?
You want to help me?
That's sweet.
The best way
for you to help me
is to stay here,
while I go and I fill
up the bucket, okay?
All right, Brooke,
I gotta take off.
How can you leave now?
We'll never finish on time?
Hey, I warned you I had
to help Henry today.
Oh, come on.
Henry can prep the clambake
by himself.
No, he really can't.
It's just a ton of work.
So let Henry earn his money
for a change.
What's that supposed to mean?
You know what I mean.
No, I don't.
Brandon...
Henry can't be fired.
He's black.
Brooke, for your information,
nobody around here works
as hard as Henry.
And when he's not
busting his ass here,
he's rebuilding
his store that was
torched by the
looters in the riots,
so don't you ever tell me
he slacks off, okay.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to insult your boss.
He's not just my boss.
He's my friend, too.
All I was trying
to do was get you
to stay and play with me
a little while longer.
I didn't mean anything by it.
Really.
Okay.
But I gotta go.
Hey.
Want some help
shucking some corn?
Well, that would mean
we'd both be abandoning ship.
That would mean
we'd both be together.
Oh, hi.
Hey.
She is so exquisite.
What took you
guys so long?
Well, my sister
had a small crisis.
Why, what's wrong
with Erin?
Nothing.
(crying)
BRENDA:
She has such beautiful skin.
You should've seen her
a couple weeks ago.
She practically fit
in the palm of my hand.
BRENDA:
You two know
each other?
Uh, yeah.
Me and Kelly babysat
one night.
You did?
Yeah, he was a natural;
talked her right to sleep.
I heard you have
that effect on women.
Not.
Honey, everybody's
seen Erin.
I think we should head back
to the clubhouse now.
Okay.
Uh, everybody...
open house up at the
Taylor-Silver cabana.
Kelly, where
are you going?
Aren't you gonna help us
finish the sculpture?
No, I think I better
stick by my mom.
But I'll see guys later.
Bye.
Come on.
Monsieur McKay,
aren't you coming?
Yeah.
Hey, why are you moving
all your equipment?
I'm making room in the cabana
for Erin's baby stuff.
Do you need some help?
From you?
After all,
I'm your manager.
Yeah, well,
not for long.
David, I'm sifting
offers as we speak.
Yeah, well, sift this.
You're getting a real artistic
temperament, Silver.
You know that, don't you?
One bushel down, five to go.
You know, you're getting
pretty good at this.
We may have just found
a new career for you.
Well, good.
I need to find something to do
with the rest of my life.
Well, let me talk to Henry.
I'll see what I can work out.
It must have been really hard
for him to lose his store.
Yeah, watching your life savings
go up in smoke.
I'd say that's
pretty tough.
Didn't he put up
a sign or something
like the rest of them?
You know,
"Black-owned business"?
Brooke, not all
the looters were black.
Besides, what difference
does it make?
It makes a lot
of difference.
Blacks are against
the Koreans.
The Koreans are
against the blacks.
And, well, they're
both against us.
I don't believe that.
Well, you can believe
what you want, Brandon,
but the next time
there's a riot in this town,
you better believe they're gonna
come to places like this
for payback time.
What are you getting
so bent out of shape about?
Because every time
I open my mouth these days,
we end up getting into a fight
and I'm sick of it.
Tell me about it. So am I.
Are you intimidated by me?
Is that it?
(scoffs)
I'm a little more secure
than that, Brooke, thanks.
That's what I thought, too.
I thought you were
the perfect guy for me,
but lately it's gotten
to the point
where you're embarrassed to kiss
me in front of your friends.
That's not true.
Then what is it, Brandon?
Something is bothering you.
Truthfully, Brooke, yes,
something is bothering me.
You see, I'm a liberal
kind of guy,
and sometimes the things
that come out of your mouth,
the racial slurs, et cetera,
they really drive me up a wall.
What are you
saying, Brandon?
That I'm a bigot?
Brooke, I'm...
Because I'm not.
I'm a good
person, Brandon,
and I don't have to
justify myself to you.
Brooke...
No. Excuse me.
I'm going to go finish
building our sand castle
and try to have some fun
unless that's not
politically correct!
Come on, come on,
come on. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to hurt your feelings.
Yeah, well...
it's a little late for
that, don't you think?
Kelly, wait up.
Hi, Dylan.
You okay?
Course I am.
How are you?
(sighs)
Look, I know
this is a little weird...
Dylan,
you don't have
to keep going out of your way
to break the ice with me.
I'm fine.
In fact, this is exactly
what I predicted
would happen, now, isn't it?
No, you didn't predict it.
You made it happen.
(sighs)
I'm just looking out
for all of us, okay?
That's what friends
are for, right?
Look, Sanders,
I got work to do.
I don't have time for all
this Hollywood jabber.
Look, I appreciate
your time constraints,
so I'll cut right
to the chase.
If you let David play
at tonight's dance,
I promise I'll stay out
of your face forever.
I told you, I already hired
a band for tonight.
So, fire them.
I can't do that.
They've got a
signed contract.
Henry, in this business,
contracts are meant
to be broken.
I guess that's why I never
went into  this business, babe.
Is that better?
Is the sun still in your eyes?
No, that's fine.
Oh, yeah, for you, but
now I'm in deep shade.
Silver, let me show you
how this thing works, man.
Like this. Like that.
Like this.
Mmm.
(laughs)
So, the key to our
relationship will be
that we never speak
to each other again?
No. We just have to choose
our subjects more carefully.
Okay.
We'll stick to,
um, sand castles.
And sports.
And Minnesota.
And weather.
And sex.
Ooh.
I like that one.
Listen, Brooke,
I really am sorry.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
Everyone's entitled
to their own opinion.
After all, it is
a free country, right?
Whatever you say.
I am  never going to talk
politics with you again.
You take it
too seriously.
Yeah, well,
blame it on my mother.
She's the real politico
in the family.
Well, then let's remember
never to put her
in the same room
with my father.
Don't think
they'd get along, huh?
Mm...
Let's put it this way.
If you disagree with him
on  any issue whatsoever,
you're part
of some sort of
worldwide international
conspiracy.
Well, that explains it then.
Hey!
Brandon?
Nice timing, Andrea.
Sorry.
Sorry. I can't
find Cameron.
Well, did you check
the men's room?
That's where
he disappeared to last time.
I did. He wasn't there.
And he wasn't in his favorite
hiding place, either.
Andrea, relax.
I'm sure he'll show up.
Brandon!
Fine. I'll help you
look for him.
Let's go.
Come on.
I'll be right back.
Andrea.
Mrs. Shaw, I have to, um,
talk to you about Cameron.
Sure.
(sighs)
I'll be leaving now.
Thanks, Brandon.
I... I thought I'd lost him.
I looked everywhere.
Could I talk to him alone
just for a second?
Of course you can.
Come on in.
Thanks.
(seagulls cawing)
Cameron,
put that down.
Why'd you run away?
You don't know?
Are you mad at me?
I ran away because
I didn't want to say good-bye.
I know.
Saying good-bye--
it's hard
for me, too, but
Cameron, you shouldn't
have run away.
What's wrong?
I love you.
I love you, too.
I want you
to know something.
You were very brave
to tell a girl
how you feel about her.
I know boys twice your age
who can't do that.
You and I are
very special
friends,
and special friends--
they can last a lifetime.
Okay?
Ah, you're such
a good boy.
Okay, well,
let's go before
the judging starts, okay?
Come on.
(overlapping crowd chatter)
Ooh, Kelly!
Kelly, hi.
So, uh, where's
your creation?
Oh, it's, uh,
over there.
Dylan's trying to put
the finishing touches on it.
Can I talk to you
about something?
Sure.
It's about Dylan.
What?
Did you see him much
during summer?
I don't know.
He was...
He was around.
Look, I... I know this
is going to sound crazy,
but I get the feeling
that he was seeing someone
while I was gone.
Why would
you say that?
He's being too nice to me.
(laughs)
Brenda.
Look, I know
it sounds
as if I'm being paranoid,
but it's like he's trying
to make up for something,
and I'm afraid he'll think
that I don't trust him
if I bug him about it.
But what if he was
seeing someone else?
Brenda, Dylan adores you.
I know...
and he's really sweet.
It's just that I'm getting
this funny vibe from him.
It's probably because
you were just gone for so long.
That's it.
I hate that I am so jealous.
I'm overreacting. You're right.
Look, don't say anything
to Dylan, okay?
Not even kidding?
Your secret's safe with me.
Thanks. Bye.
(seagulls screeching)
(sighs)
I know you.
You're...
Ron Checkic.
Ron Checkic!
Good to see you.
Steve Sanders.
Sanders
Management Group?
Uh, could you help me
with the other end
of this, uh, speaker here?
Yeah, sure.
Look, I was
hoping you
and your guys could
help me out here.
I'm breaking
a new singer.
He's on the verge
of a major record deal,
and, well, he needs
some more exposure.
You know what I'm saying?
No. No, I don't know
what you're saying.
Okay, okay.
How about this?
What would it
take for you to walk
away from this gig?
What is this?
Let's call it a negotiation.
Forget it.
You don't have that kind
of money.
Try me.
(cheering and applause)
Ladies and gentlemen,
boys and girls,
the award in the professional
category goes
to the Texas Capital Building
by the Jans Design
and Development Company.
(cheering and applause)
Great, guys.
Congratulations.
Last but not least
is the award
in the amateur category,
and this, ladies and gentlemen,
boys and girls,
was not an easy choice.
And the blue ribbon goes to...
Andrea Zuckerman
and the kids from the Beverly
Hills Beach Club Day Camp
for their sculpture
of the Batmobile.
(cheering and applause)
Well, we got beat
by the Romper Room.
Fix was in.
Well, you got to admit
Andrea did work pretty hard
with those kids.
They deserve it.
Yeah, I guess.
I just don't get why
she works here anyway.
It's not like she
needs the money.
Oh, of course not.
Nobody needs money.
Come on.
Andrea  Zuckerman?
Hold it.
What are you saying?
She's a Jewish girl
from Beverly Hills.
What?!
Hold on!
Hold on, Brandon.
I meant that
as a compliment.
I think you should just
stop talking now, okay?
No, no, I'm not going
to let you tell me
I'm wrong about
this one, too.
Jewish people are
great with money.
I meant it as
a compliment.
Wait. Brooke,
that is not a compliment.
That's a stereotype.
You know, not all
black people have rhythm,
not all Latin people
are hot-tempered,
and not all Jewish people
are great with money.
For God's sakes,
Andrea lives in a tiny
one-bedroom apartment
with her grandmother.
I really don't care
where she lives, Brandon.
(sighs)
This is great, great.
We went a whole what, hour,
before getting into a fight?
Must be a world
record for us.
You know, Brooke, I don't think
it's such a good idea
that we see each other anymore.
What?
We're gonna break up over this?
Brandon, come on.
I'm crazy about you.
I can change.
Yeah, well, I can't.
You told me these guys were
professional musicians.
No, you told me they should be
arriving any minute.
That was two hours ago!
No, no, no, that's no good.
Look, look, I want a combo.
I don't want some guy
from Pennsylvania
playing some accordion.
Well, just get some people
over here now, okay?
Can you believe
these guys stiffed me?
What can I say, Henry?
There're a lot of flakes
in this business.
Can your guy really sing?
DAVID:
♪ I love to touch ♪
Can he sing?
♪ Your sweet caress ♪
♪ I think of you and only you ♪
♪ That I must confess ♪
♪ Lonely days
and lonely nights ♪
♪ My world's falling apart ♪
♪ I need you with me
by my side ♪
♪ I need you in my heart ♪
♪ 'Cause there's a space
you can only fill... ♪
Wow, he has
gotten so good.
I had no idea.
Yeah, well,
I'm bringing him along slowly,
you know, teaching him
how to phrase a lyric,
sell an audience...
all the things
a top-notch manager does.
What?
Like shut up, and let
everyone else listen
to his song.
Yeah, shut up.
I'm bringing him
along slowly.
♪ Please be my love, yeah ♪
♪ Oh, be, be, be my love ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh, be, be, be my love ♪
♪ Come on, baby,
and be, be, be my love ♪
♪ Oh, be, be, be my love ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
When I was in Paris,
I'd wake up early,
to take a walk
down the Seine
just to see the
moon get lost
in the morning light.
And I'd be thinking
about you,
halfway around
the world,
wondering if you were somewhere
on the beach looking up
at the same moon.
I was.
And then I'd wonder if there was
anyone else in your arms.
After a while I just stopped
worrying about it.
I figured if there
was anyone else,
it was only because I was there,
and you were here,
and vice-versa.
That's right.
Dylan, I met someone in Paris.
Rick,
my tour guide.
Well, actually, I
was his tour guide.
It's kind of
a long story.
We were only together the last
couple of days I was there,
and it really didn't amount
to anything much.
So...
are you finished
with your summer vacation?
Yes.
What about you?
Are you ready to start
our senior year together,
you and me?
Dylan.
Welcome home, Brenda.
(house music playing)
(music stops, applause)
Woo!
Yeah!
All right!
(cheering and whistling)
Thank you, um...
Let's all take a break now.
We'll be back.
I'm sorry, I'll be back
in, uh, 15 minutes.
Thanks.
STEVE:
Brandon,
Andrea told me you sent
Brooke packing?
Yup.
She's all yours, buddy.
I can't believe
you dumped her.
What was I gonna do?
Drive down to Palos
Verdes every weekend?
It was a summer
fling, man.
No big deal.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I guess it's
better we're available now
for all those pretty
young things
that are gonna be starting
Beverly and West Beverly.
You got that.
See you, bro.
Later.
KELLY:
Hey, Brandon.
You look like you're having
as good a night as I am.
(laughs)
What's your excuse?
Ah, where should
I start?
The trip I didn't take,
the job I had,
or the perfect girl
who turned out
to be anything but.
I don't know, Kel.
Basically, a whole
summer came and went.
I don't have anything
to show for it.
Well, you got a good tan.
Thanks, Kelly.
I feel better already.
You're welcome.
Silver!
I didn't know you were
such a crooner, my brother!
Thank you.
(laughing)
David,
you were wonderful.
Thanks.
Hey, everybody,
here's to Silver's
music career.
Hey, hey.
And here's to Andrea,
for building the best
sand sculpture this side
of the San Andreas Fault
at least.
(glasses clinking)
BRENDA:
And I have
a special toast.
It took me going halfway
around the world
to realize that I have
the best bunch of friends
a girl could ever have.
Aww.
And I love you all.
Especially you.
STEVE:
Well, uh...
(laughing)
...here's to us.
And our senior year.
Which starts
in exactly six days,
eight hours and...
24 minutes.
(sighs)
STEVE:
Well,
at least we'll rule
the school this year.
I can't believe
summer's almost over.
Yeah, but we'll
always have Paris.
Right.
(giggling)
Hi.
Dylan, look,
you don't have to keep
checking up on me.
That's not what
I'm doing.
I just want to thank you
again for yesterday.
That was yesterday?
Kelly...
you know, you're
a smart lady.
Dylan, I'm happy for you...
and for Brenda.
You guys belong together.
So let's just leave it alone,
okay?
But where does
that leave you, Kel?
We can't have it both ways.
So, you're telling me
just go back to Brenda
and forget everything
that happened?
We'll always have Paris.
It is not funny anymore.
I guess nothing lasts forever.
Kelly...
(waves crashing)